chore: faq about installation on kubernetes 1.15 (#188)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/faqs.md

```bash
oc adm policy add-scc-to-user privileged -n chaos-testing -z chaos-daemon
```

### Q: Failed to install Chaos Mesh with message: no matches for kind "CustomResourceDefinition" in version "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"

This issue occurs with installing Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes which lower than 1.15(or lower version). We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` as the default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes 1.16 at 2019-09-19.

> When you want to install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than 1.16, you should manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`, and you also need to add `--validate=false` because of compatibility issue with breaking changes with CRD. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. After that, you could use helm to finish the rest of the installation.

Reviewer: Do we need to skip the CRD when installing by Helm?

Author: Oh! Add `--skip-crds` is btter! Helm would skip the CRD installation with a WARNING message if they are already existed.

Author: Updated in 5b3c78c, PTAL!

> This issue occurs with installing Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes which lower than 1.15(or lower version). We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` as the default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes 1.16 at 2019-09-19.
> 
> When you want to install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than 1.16, you should manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`, and you also need to add `--validate=false` because of compatibility issue with breaking changes with CRD. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. After that, you could use helm to finish the rest of the installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue occurs when you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes v1.15 or an earlier version. We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` by default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes v1.16 on 2019-09-19.

When you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than v1.16, you need to follow the below process:
1. Manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`. 
2. Add `--validate=false`. If the configuration is not added, compatibility issues with breaking changes with CRD might occur. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. 
3. Use Helm to finish the rest process of installation.
```

> This issue occurs with installing Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes which lower than 1.15(or lower version). We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` as the default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes 1.16 at 2019-09-19.
> 
> When you want to install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than 1.16, you should manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`, and you also need to add `--validate=false` because of compatibility issue with breaking changes with CRD. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. After that, you could use helm to finish the rest of the installation.
> 
> At last, we suggest upgrading your Kubernetes cluster by referencing Kubernetes [Version Skew Policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue occurs when you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes v1.15 or an earlier version. We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` by default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes v1.16 on 2019-09-19.

When you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than v1.16, you need to follow the below process:
1. Manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`. 
2. Add `--validate=false`. If the configuration is not added, compatibility issues with breaking changes with CRD might occur. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. 
3. Use Helm to finish the rest process of installation.

We suggest upgrading your Kubernetes cluster by referencing Kubernetes [Version Skew Policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/).
```

> ### Q: Failed to install Chaos Mesh with message: no matches for kind "CustomResourceDefinition" in version "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"
> 
> This issue occurs with installing Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes which lower than 1.15(or lower version). We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` as the default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes 1.16 at 2019-09-19.
> 
> When you want to install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than 1.16, you should manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`, and you also need to add `--validate=false` because of compatibility issue with breaking changes with CRD. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. After that, you could use helm to finish the rest of the installation.
> 
> At last, we suggest upgrading your Kubernetes cluster by referencing Kubernetes [Version Skew Policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Q: Failed to install Chaos Mesh with the message: no matches for kind "CustomResourceDefinition" in version "apiextensions.k8s.io/v1"

This issue occurs when you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes v1.15 or an earlier version. We use `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` by default, but it was introduced in Kubernetes v1.16 on 2019-09-19.

When you install Chaos Mesh on Kubernetes lower than v1.16, you need to follow the below process:
1. Manually create CRD from `https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/<chaos-mesh-version>/crd-v1beta1.yaml`. 
2. Add `--validate=false`. If the configuration is not added, compatibility issues with breaking changes with CRD might occur. For example, `kubectl create -f https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/v2.1.0/crd-v1beta1.yaml --validate=false`. 
3. Use Helm to finish the rest process of installation.

We suggest upgrading your Kubernetes cluster by referencing Kubernetes [Version Skew Policy](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/).
```
